---
title: READ@PVPS
permalink: /ReadatPVPS/
description: ""
---
<p align="justify">At PVPS, we believe that our students’ love and joy for reading should be developed using fun and engaging ways. The Reading Passport is one initiative by the department to encourage students to read widely and complete fun and interesting activities related to the books they are reading! To promote and generate interest in reading, as well as to celebrate and showcase students’ proficiency in the English Language, level competitions such as bookmark making, advertisement design and book cover design were organised during the Library Fiesta. </p>

<p align="justify">Library Fiesta is an annual school event organised by the Library Committee and English Department for students. The main objective of Library Fiesta is to promote the love for reading. Held from 22 – 26 August, the theme for Library Fiesta’s in 2022 was ‘Stories Come Alive!”. All the activities were planned with the theme and objective in mind. Some of the activities include level competitions such as book cover design and bookmark design. Students also participated in Mystery Book Hunt, Craftwork and Tongue Twisters during recess. They were also entertained with stories by our mystery readers. Local author, Neil Humphreys was also invited to PVPS for an assembly talk and book signing session. For this year’s Library Fiesta, the students and staff got to play a part for charity by participating in NLB Read for Books! Finally, the students and staff also stayed true to the theme this year by dressing up as their favourite storybook character on Character Day!</p>