---
title: Discipline
permalink: /curriculum/cce/character-development/discipline/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Character Development
variant: tiptap
---
<h4>Positive Discipline @ Park View</h4><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Teaching pupils to <strong>think right</strong> and <strong>be responsible</strong> for their own behaviour.</p></li><li><p>Creating a <strong>positive</strong> and <strong>conducive learning environment</strong> through a Culture of <strong>Care</strong>.</p></li></ul><h4>Restorative Practice (RP)</h4><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>A <strong>whole-school approach</strong> is used to support disciplinary processes.</p></li><li><p>A philosophy and set of values and tools focusing on <strong>restoring and strengthening</strong> relationships in conflict management.</p></li><li><p>Uses principles of <strong>restitution, accountability and resolution</strong>.</p></li><li><p>An alternative to punitive punishment.</p></li></ul><h4>Positive Discipline @ Home</h4><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Show care and concern through words and deeds.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>E.g. Establish a good relationship through investment of <strong>TIME</strong>. It shows that you care enough to give up your time for your child.</p></li></ul></li><li><p>Focus on controlling yourself - not your child. </p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Model the type of behaviour you want your child to emulate. Be calm and objective.</p></li></ul></li><li><p>Be consistent with your expectations.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Have a uniform set of rules and consequences for all to abide with. Children need routines especially those with behavioural problems.</p></li></ul></li><li><p>Understand the meaning behind the behaviour. </p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Ask to find out more. Don't judge straight away. Seek to first understand them to be understood.</p></li></ul></li><li><p>Redirect, redirect, redirect.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Instead of telling your child what not to do, offer a positive behaviour to replace the misbehaviour.</p></li></ul></li><li><p>Give attention to the behaviour you like - not the behaviour you don't.</p></li><li><p>Don't bribe.</p></li></ul><p></p>